####  This repo is a proof of concept implementing GitHub's codeowners features in a way that doesn't require privileged secrets to be preseeded to remote repositories beforehand. 
#### The basic function is this:

- A pull request matching the pattern defined in lines 3-9 of `auto_pr.yml` triggers a github action - In this case, any branch starting with 'feature/' and containing updates to the file `README.md`.
- A GitHub action (`diillson/auto-pull-request`) creates a pull request with **all** files updated in the branch, not just the files matching the pattern. This uses the `secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN` variable.
- Another GitHub action (`necojackarc/auto-request-review`) using the same workflow requests review on the PR. The action requests a review from groups and members defined in `.github/reviewers.yml`. The file is explained below and documented inline, but in general, it serves the same purpose as a `.github/codeowners` file (see [Github's documentation for more information](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners))
- Another GitHub action (`placeholder`) auto-approves PRs that meet certain criteria. For this workflow, the criteria are that `README.md` is updated, there are no other changes included in the PR, and the user requesting the review is a specific user. In this case, `turtle-fnba` is set to be the user that requests the PR and that the workflow action will check for, but any account with the proper permissions in `.github/codeowners` can approve the PR.
- With the use case here, there isn't much reason to distinguish the groups defined in `codeowners` and the reviewers defined in `reviewers.yml`, but that changes quickly as soon as we want to do anything even mildly important.
